1/Kallis Hotel is just 400 m from Agios Antonios Beach. Rooms have sea-view balcony, and the hotel offers a swimming pool and a playground area.Kallis Hotel is just 900 m from the village of Potos. The bus stops only 200 m from the hotel. Free private parking is available.This is our guests' favourite part of Potos, according to independent reviews.Couples particularly like the location.
2/Situated in Serres and with Public Central Library of Serres reachable within 300 m, Hotel Elena features a seasonal outdoor swimming pool, allergy-free rooms, free WiFi throughout the property and a bar. This 3-star hotel offers room service and a 24-hour front desk. The property is non-smoking and is located 300 metres from Archeological Museum of Mpezesteni-Serres.Sarakatsani Folklore Museum is 700 m from Hotel Elena, while Chapel Analipsis is 25 km from the property. The nearest airport is Thessaloniki Airport, 103 km from the hotel.
3/Offering a sun terrace, Studios Apartments Kapetanios is located in Perissa, 2.1 km from Ancient Thera. Perissa Beach is 1.1 km from the property. Free WiFi is featured throughout the property.The nearest airport is Santorini (Thira) Airport, 6 km from the property. Free private parking is available on site.
4/Located in Nydri in the Ionian Islands region and Nidri Beach reachable within 200 metres, Papatsas Center Houses provides accommodation with free WiFi, BBQ facilities, a seasonal outdoor swimming pool and free private parking.Dimosari Waterfalls is 400 m from the apartment, while Skorpios Island is 3.4 km away. The nearest airport is Aktion, 37 km from Papatsas Center Houses, and the property offers a paid airport shuttle service.This is our guests' favourite part of Nydri, according to independent reviews.
5/Boasting a garden, a shared lounge, and a terrace, Rock Garden Villa features accommodation in Marantochori with free WiFi and city views. This holiday home provides free private parking and a shared kitchen.The air-conditioned holiday home consists of 3 bedrooms, a living room, a fully equipped kitchen with a fridge and a coffee machine, and 2 bathrooms with a shower and a hairdryer. Towels and bed linen are available in the holiday home.Vasiliki Port is 5.6 km from Rock Garden Villa, while Dimosari Waterfalls is 16 km from the property. The nearest airport is Aktion Airport, 52 km from the accommodation.
6/Set in Heraklio Town, 400 m from Heraklion Archaeological Museum and 500 m from Heraklion Venetian Harbour, Kliklis Apartment offers free WiFi and air conditioning. The property is 500 m from Venetian Walls and 5 km from The Palace of Knossos.Morosini Fountain is 60 m from the apartment. The nearest airport is Heraklion International Airport, 4 km from Kliklis Apartment.This is our guests' favourite part of Heraklio Town, according to independent reviews.
7/Featuring free WiFi and rooms with balcony, the boutique Blue Bottle Hotel offers accommodation in the heart of Thessaloníki. The lively Aristotelous Square is 900 m away.All rooms are fitted with a smart, satellite TV, and bedding products by Coco-Mat. A handy smartphone for free international calls and free internet mobile data is offered to guests. Some rooms include a seating area to relax in after a busy day. You will find a kettle in the room. Each room is equipped with a private bathroom fitted with a shower. Extras include free toiletries and a hair dryer.Couples particularly like the location
8/Set 200 m from Acropolis Museum and 300 m from Akropolis Metro Station, Athens Raise Acropolis Project in Athens offers air-conditioned accommodation with views of the city and free WiFi.Each unit comes with a fully equipped kitchen with a dining table, a flat-screen TV with satellite channels and a private bathroom with shower, free toiletries and a hairdryer. A fridge, a stovetop and toaster are also offered, as well as a coffee machine and a kettle.Popular points of interest near the apartment include Syngrou/Fix Metro Station, Temple of Olympion Zeus and Odeum of Herodes Atticus. The nearest airport is Eleftherios Venizelos, 32 km from Athens Raise Acropolis Project, and the property offers a paid airport shuttle service.
9/Paris Hotel is centrally located in the town of Xanthi, close to shops, restaurants and a bus station. It features spacious rooms with free Wi-Fi and a classically decorated bar with antique furnishings.The scenic lake of Vistonida is around 22 km away, while Kavala Airport is at a distance of 49 km. A 24-hour front desk and free on-site parking are provided.
10/Via Mare Apartments has sea views, free WiFi and free private parking, situated in Alexandroupoli, 200 m from Delfini Beach.Popular points of interest near the aparthotel include EOT Beach, New Chile Beach and Kokkina Vrachia Beach. The nearest airport is Alexandroupoli Airport, 9 km from Via Mare Apartments.Couples particularly like the location
11/In the heart of Thessaloniki, The Modernist Thessaloniki combines old-world grace with casual luxury, set in a striking 1920’s heritage building. Restored in a minimalist, yet sensual style, this property is just a short stroll from everything Thessaloniki has to offer. Free WiFi is provided throughout.With staff speaking German, Greek, English and French, information is available at the 24/7 reception.Several boutique shops, fancy restaurants and bars can be found in the surrounding area. The Modernist Thessaloniki is just a short stroll from the seafront promenade. The nearest airport is Thessaloniki Airport, 13 km from the property.
12/Located in a 1920 building, The Trilogy House offers luxurious conceptual stay in the very heart of Thessaloniki. Everything the city has to offer lies within walking distance. Free WiFi is available.Materials and technologies used come along with respect to the authentic historical character of the building. Old colourful walls, high ceilings, design objects and greenery compose an inspiring and ambient environment, yet fresh and unconventional.The seafront lies within a 2-minute walk of the property. The Trilogy House is set on the most vivid and hip street of the city, boasting cafes, shops and restaurants. The White Tower, city's most famous landmark, is a 5-minute walk way. Thessaloniki International Airport is 16 km away.
13/Centrally located in Athens, just a 5-minute walk from Monastiraki Square, Perianth Hotel offers elegantly decorated rooms and suites with free WiFi access. Hip bars, stylish restaurants and a variety of shops can be found just steps away from the property. Roman Agora is 500 m away.The Acropolis Rock is 1 km from Perianth Hotel, while the Acropolis Museum is 1.5 km away. Ermou Shopping Street can be reached within a 5-minute walk. The nearest airport is Elefthérios Venizélos Airport, 37 km from the property.(hey)
14/Olympic Star is located at the centre of Patra and just a breath away from Agiou Nikolaou shopping centre.Olympic Star offers all the comforts for a pleasant stay. The beautiful decoration indoor and its hospitable personnel makes all guests feel like home.All comfortable rooms are modern and include hydro massage and a computer with free internet access.With easy access to all means of transportation Olympic Star, is the ideal choice for a pleasant stay in Patra.
15/Located 1.8 km from Pampeloponnisiako Stadium, Hlias rooms offers a garden, and air-conditioned accommodation with a balcony and free WiFi.All units include a fully equipped kitchen with coffee machine, a living room with a flat-screen TV and private bathroom with free toiletries and a shower.Psila Alonia Square is 3.5 km from Ιlias rooms, while Patras Port is 4.2 km away. The nearest airport is Araxos Airport, 35 km from the accommodation.